and the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
and the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron when a man has on the skin of his body a
when a man has on the skin of his body a
when a man has on the skin of his body a swelling a scab or a bright spot and it
swelling a scab or a bright spot and it
swelling a scab or a bright spot and it becomes on the skin of his body like a
becomes on the skin of his body like a
becomes on the skin of his body like a leprous saw then he shall be brought to
leprous saw then he shall be brought to
leprous saw then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest or to one of his sons
Aaron the priest or to one of his sons
Aaron the priest or to one of his sons the priests the priests shall examine
the priests the priests shall examine
the priests the priests shall examine the saw on the skin of the body and if
the saw on the skin of the body and if
the saw on the skin of the body and if the hair on the saw has turned white and
the hair on the saw has turned white and
the hair on the saw has turned white and the saw appears to be deeper than the
the saw appears to be deeper than the
the saw appears to be deeper than the skin of his body
skin of his body
skin of his body it is a leprous saw then the priest
it is a leprous saw then the priest
it is a leprous saw then the priest shall examine him and pronounce him
shall examine him and pronounce him
shall examine him and pronounce him unclean but if the bright spot is white
unclean but if the bright spot is white
unclean but if the bright spot is white on the skin of his body and does not
on the skin of his body and does not
on the skin of his body and does not appear to be deeper than the skin and
appear to be deeper than the skin and
appear to be deeper than the skin and its hair has not turned white
its hair has not turned white
its hair has not turned white then the priest shall isolate the one
then the priest shall isolate the one
then the priest shall isolate the one who has the soul seven days and the
who has the soul seven days and the
who has the soul seven days and the priest shall examine him on the seventh
priest shall examine him on the seventh
priest shall examine him on the seventh day and indeed if the sore appears to be
day and indeed if the sore appears to be
day and indeed if the sore appears to be as it was and the sore has not spread on
as it was and the sore has not spread on
as it was and the sore has not spread on the skin then the priest shall isolate
the skin then the priest shall isolate
the skin then the priest shall isolate him another seven days then the priest
him another seven days then the priest
him another seven days then the priest shall examine him again on the seventh
shall examine him again on the seventh
shall examine him again on the seventh day and indeed if the saw has faded and
day and indeed if the saw has faded and
day and indeed if the saw has faded and the saw has not spread on the skin then
the saw has not spread on the skin then
the saw has not spread on the skin then the priest shall pronounce him clean it
the priest shall pronounce him clean it
the priest shall pronounce him clean it is only escape and he shall wash his
is only escape and he shall wash his
is only escape and he shall wash his clothes and be clean but if the scab
clothes and be clean but if the scab
clothes and be clean but if the scab should at all spread over the skin after
should at all spread over the skin after
should at all spread over the skin after he has been seen by the priest for his
he has been seen by the priest for his
he has been seen by the priest for his cleansing he shall be seen by the priest
cleansing he shall be seen by the priest
cleansing he shall be seen by the priest again and if the priest sees that the
again and if the priest sees that the
again and if the priest sees that the scab has indeed spread on the skin then
scab has indeed spread on the skin then
scab has indeed spread on the skin then the priest shall pronounce him unclean
the priest shall pronounce him unclean
the priest shall pronounce him unclean it is leprosy when the leprous saw is on
it is leprosy when the leprous saw is on
it is leprosy when the leprous saw is on a person then he shall be brought to the
a person then he shall be brought to the
a person then he shall be brought to the priest and the priest shall examine him
priest and the priest shall examine him
priest and the priest shall examine him and indeed if the swelling on the skin
and indeed if the swelling on the skin
and indeed if the swelling on the skin is white and it has turned the hair
is white and it has turned the hair
is white and it has turned the hair and there is a spot of raw flesh in the
and there is a spot of raw flesh in the
and there is a spot of raw flesh in the swelling it is an old leprosy on the
swelling it is an old leprosy on the
swelling it is an old leprosy on the skin of his body a priest who pronounced
skin of his body a priest who pronounced
skin of his body a priest who pronounced him unclean and shall not isolate him
him unclean and shall not isolate him
him unclean and shall not isolate him for he is unclean and if leprosy breaks
for he is unclean and if leprosy breaks
for he is unclean and if leprosy breaks out all over the skin and the leprosy
out all over the skin and the leprosy
out all over the skin and the leprosy covers all the skin of the one who has
covers all the skin of the one who has
covers all the skin of the one who has the saw from his head to his foot
the saw from his head to his foot
the saw from his head to his foot wherever the priest looks then the
wherever the priest looks then the
wherever the priest looks then the priest shall consider and indeed if the
priest shall consider and indeed if the
priest shall consider and indeed if the leprosy has covered all his body he
leprosy has covered all his body he
leprosy has covered all his body he shall pronounce him clean who has the
shall pronounce him clean who has the
shall pronounce him clean who has the saw it has all turned white he is clean
saw it has all turned white he is clean
saw it has all turned white he is clean but when raw flesh appears on him he
but when raw flesh appears on him he
but when raw flesh appears on him he shall be unclean and the priest shall
shall be unclean and the priest shall
shall be unclean and the priest shall examine the raw flesh and pronounce him
examine the raw flesh and pronounce him
examine the raw flesh and pronounce him to be unclean for the raw flesh is
to be unclean for the raw flesh is
to be unclean for the raw flesh is unclean it is leprosy or if the raw
unclean it is leprosy or if the raw
unclean it is leprosy or if the raw flesh changes and turns white again he
flesh changes and turns white again he
flesh changes and turns white again he shall come to the priest and the priest
shall come to the priest and the priest
shall come to the priest and the priest shall examine him and indeed if the saw
shall examine him and indeed if the saw
shall examine him and indeed if the saw has turned white then the priest shall
has turned white then the priest shall
has turned white then the priest shall pronounce him clean who has the soul he
pronounce him clean who has the soul he
pronounce him clean who has the soul he is clean if the body develops a boil in
is clean if the body develops a boil in
is clean if the body develops a boil in the skin and it is healed and in the
the skin and it is healed and in the
the skin and it is healed and in the place of the boil there comes a white
place of the boil there comes a white
place of the boil there comes a white swelling or a bright spot reddish white
swelling or a bright spot reddish white
swelling or a bright spot reddish white then it shall be shown to the priest and
then it shall be shown to the priest and
then it shall be shown to the priest and if when the priest sees it it indeed
if when the priest sees it it indeed
if when the priest sees it it indeed appears deeper than the skin and its
appears deeper than the skin and its
appears deeper than the skin and its hair has turned white the priest shall
hair has turned white the priest shall
hair has turned white the priest shall pronounce him uncleaned it is a leprous
pronounce him uncleaned it is a leprous
pronounce him uncleaned it is a leprous soul which has broken out of the bowl
soul which has broken out of the bowl
soul which has broken out of the bowl but if the priest examines it and indeed
but if the priest examines it and indeed
but if the priest examines it and indeed there are no white hairs in it and it is
there are no white hairs in it and it is
there are no white hairs in it and it is not deeper than the skin but has faded
not deeper than the skin but has faded
not deeper than the skin but has faded then the priest shall isolate him seven
then the priest shall isolate him seven
then the priest shall isolate him seven days and if it should at all spread over
days and if it should at all spread over
days and if it should at all spread over the skin then the priest shall pronounce
the skin then the priest shall pronounce
the skin then the priest shall pronounce him unclean it is a leprous soul but if
him unclean it is a leprous soul but if
him unclean it is a leprous soul but if the bright spot stays in one place and
the bright spot stays in one place and
the bright spot stays in one place and has not spread it is the scar of the
has not spread it is the scar of the
has not spread it is the scar of the boil and the priest shall pronounce him
boil and the priest shall pronounce him
boil and the priest shall pronounce him clean or if the body receives a burn on
clean or if the body receives a burn on
clean or if the body receives a burn on its skin by fire and the raw flesh of
its skin by fire and the raw flesh of
its skin by fire and the raw flesh of the burn becomes a bright spot reddish
the burn becomes a bright spot reddish
the burn becomes a bright spot reddish white or white then the priest shall
white or white then the priest shall
white or white then the priest shall examine it and indeed if the hair of the
examine it and indeed if the hair of the
examine it and indeed if the hair of the bright spot is turned white and it
bright spot is turned white and it
bright spot is turned white and it appears deeper than the skin it is
appears deeper than the skin it is
appears deeper than the skin it is leprosy broken out in the bone therefore
leprosy broken out in the bone therefore
leprosy broken out in the bone therefore the priest shall pronounce him unclean
the priest shall pronounce him unclean
the priest shall pronounce him unclean it is a lip restore but if the priest
it is a lip restore but if the priest
it is a lip restore but if the priest examines it and indeed there are no
examines it and indeed there are no
examines it and indeed there are no white hairs in the bright spot and it is
white hairs in the bright spot and it is
white hairs in the bright spot and it is not deeper than the skin but has faded
not deeper than the skin but has faded
not deeper than the skin but has faded then the priest shall isolate him seven
then the priest shall isolate him seven
then the priest shall isolate him seven days and the priest shall examine him on
days and the priest shall examine him on
days and the priest shall examine him on the seventh day if it has at all spread
the seventh day if it has at all spread
the seventh day if it has at all spread over the skin then the priest shall
over the skin then the priest shall
over the skin then the priest shall pronounce him unclean it is a leprous
pronounce him unclean it is a leprous
pronounce him unclean it is a leprous soul but if the bright spot stays in one
soul but if the bright spot stays in one
soul but if the bright spot stays in one place and has not spread on the skin but
place and has not spread on the skin but
place and has not spread on the skin but has faded it is a swelling from the
has faded it is a swelling from the
has faded it is a swelling from the burned the priest shall pronounce him
burned the priest shall pronounce him
burned the priest shall pronounce him clean for it is the scar from the burden
clean for it is the scar from the burden
clean for it is the scar from the burden if a man or woman has a sore on the head
if a man or woman has a sore on the head
if a man or woman has a sore on the head or the beard then the priest shall
or the beard then the priest shall
or the beard then the priest shall examine the soul and indeed if it
examine the soul and indeed if it
examine the soul and indeed if it appears deeper than the skin and there
appears deeper than the skin and there
appears deeper than the skin and there is in it thin yellow hair
is in it thin yellow hair
is in it thin yellow hair then the priest to pronounce him unclean
then the priest to pronounce him unclean
then the priest to pronounce him unclean it is a scaly leprosy of the head or
it is a scaly leprosy of the head or
it is a scaly leprosy of the head or beard but if the priest examines the
beard but if the priest examines the
beard but if the priest examines the scaly saw and indeed it does not appear
scaly saw and indeed it does not appear
scaly saw and indeed it does not appear deeper than the skin and there is no
deeper than the skin and there is no
deeper than the skin and there is no black hair in it then the priest shall
black hair in it then the priest shall
black hair in it then the priest shall isolate the one who has the scale seven
isolate the one who has the scale seven
isolate the one who has the scale seven days and on the seventh day the priest
days and on the seventh day the priest
days and on the seventh day the priest shall examine the soul and indeed if the
shall examine the soul and indeed if the
shall examine the soul and indeed if the scale has not spread and there is no
scale has not spread and there is no
scale has not spread and there is no yellow hair in it and the scale does not
yellow hair in it and the scale does not
yellow hair in it and the scale does not appear deeper than the skin he shall
appear deeper than the skin he shall
appear deeper than the skin he shall shave himself but the scale he shall not
shave himself but the scale he shall not
shave himself but the scale he shall not shave and the priest shall isolate the
shave and the priest shall isolate the
shave and the priest shall isolate the one who has the scale another seven days
one who has the scale another seven days
one who has the scale another seven days on the seventh day the priest shall
on the seventh day the priest shall
on the seventh day the priest shall examine the scale and indeed if the
examine the scale and indeed if the
examine the scale and indeed if the scale has not spread over the skin and
scale has not spread over the skin and
scale has not spread over the skin and does not appear deeper than the skin
does not appear deeper than the skin
does not appear deeper than the skin then the priest shall pronounce him
then the priest shall pronounce him
then the priest shall pronounce him clean he shall wash his clothes and be
clean he shall wash his clothes and be
clean he shall wash his clothes and be clean but if the scale should at all
clean but if the scale should at all
clean but if the scale should at all spread over the skin after his cleansing
spread over the skin after his cleansing
spread over the skin after his cleansing and the priest shall examine him and
and the priest shall examine him and
and the priest shall examine him and indeed if the scale has spread over the
indeed if the scale has spread over the
indeed if the scale has spread over the skin the priests need not see for yellow
skin the priests need not see for yellow
skin the priests need not see for yellow hair he is unclean but if the scale
hair he is unclean but if the scale
hair he is unclean but if the scale appears to be at a standstill and there
appears to be at a standstill and there
appears to be at a standstill and there is black hair grown up in it
is black hair grown up in it
is black hair grown up in it the scale has healed he is clean and the
the scale has healed he is clean and the
the scale has healed he is clean and the priest shall pronounce him clean if a
priest shall pronounce him clean if a
priest shall pronounce him clean if a man or a woman has bright spots on the
man or a woman has bright spots on the
man or a woman has bright spots on the skin of the body specifically white
skin of the body specifically white
skin of the body specifically white bright spots then the priest shall look
bright spots then the priest shall look
bright spots then the priest shall look and indeed if the bright spots on the
and indeed if the bright spots on the
and indeed if the bright spots on the skin of the body are dull white
skin of the body are dull white
skin of the body are dull white it is a white spot that grows on the
it is a white spot that grows on the
it is a white spot that grows on the skin
skin
skin he is king as for the man whose hair has
he is king as for the man whose hair has
he is king as for the man whose hair has fallen from his head he is bald but he
fallen from his head he is bald but he
fallen from his head he is bald but he is clean he whose hair has fallen from
is clean he whose hair has fallen from
is clean he whose hair has fallen from his forehead he is bald on the forehead
his forehead he is bald on the forehead
his forehead he is bald on the forehead but he is clean and if there is on the
but he is clean and if there is on the
but he is clean and if there is on the bald head or bald forehead a reddish
bald head or bald forehead a reddish
bald head or bald forehead a reddish white sore it is leprosy breaking out on
white sore it is leprosy breaking out on
white sore it is leprosy breaking out on his bald head or his bald forehead then
his bald head or his bald forehead then
his bald head or his bald forehead then the priest shall examine it and indeed
the priest shall examine it and indeed
the priest shall examine it and indeed if the swelling of the saw is reddish
if the swelling of the saw is reddish
if the swelling of the saw is reddish white on his bald head on his bald
white on his bald head on his bald
white on his bald head on his bald forehead as the appearance of leprosy on
forehead as the appearance of leprosy on
forehead as the appearance of leprosy on the skin of the body he is a leprous man
the skin of the body he is a leprous man
the skin of the body he is a leprous man he is unclean the priest shall surely
he is unclean the priest shall surely
he is unclean the priest shall surely pronounce him unclean his soul is on his
pronounce him unclean his soul is on his
pronounce him unclean his soul is on his head
head
head now the leper on whom the saw is his
now the leper on whom the saw is his
now the leper on whom the saw is his clothes shall be torn and his head bare
clothes shall be torn and his head bare
clothes shall be torn and his head bare and he shall cover his mustache and cry
and he shall cover his mustache and cry
and he shall cover his mustache and cry unclean unclean he shall be unclean all
unclean unclean he shall be unclean all
unclean unclean he shall be unclean all the days he has the saw he shall be
the days he has the saw he shall be
the days he has the saw he shall be unclean he is unclean and he shall dwell
unclean he is unclean and he shall dwell
unclean he is unclean and he shall dwell alone his dwelling shall be outside the
alone his dwelling shall be outside the
alone his dwelling shall be outside the camp
camp
camp also if a garment has a leprous plague
also if a garment has a leprous plague
also if a garment has a leprous plague in it whether it is a woollen garment or
in it whether it is a woollen garment or
in it whether it is a woollen garment or a linen garment whether it is in the
a linen garment whether it is in the
a linen garment whether it is in the warp or woof of linen or wool whether in
warp or woof of linen or wool whether in
warp or woof of linen or wool whether in leather or in anything made of leather
leather or in anything made of leather
leather or in anything made of leather and if the plague is greenish or reddish
and if the plague is greenish or reddish
and if the plague is greenish or reddish in the garment or in the leather whether
in the garment or in the leather whether
in the garment or in the leather whether in the warp or in the wolf or in
in the warp or in the wolf or in
in the warp or in the wolf or in anything made of leather it is a leprous
anything made of leather it is a leprous
anything made of leather it is a leprous plague and shall be shown to the priest
plague and shall be shown to the priest
plague and shall be shown to the priest the priest shall examine the plague and
the priest shall examine the plague and
the priest shall examine the plague and isolate that which has the plague seven
isolate that which has the plague seven
isolate that which has the plague seven days
days
days and he shall examine the plague on the
and he shall examine the plague on the
and he shall examine the plague on the seventh day if the plague has spread in
seventh day if the plague has spread in
seventh day if the plague has spread in the garment either in the war or in the
the garment either in the war or in the
the garment either in the war or in the wolf in the leather or in anything made
wolf in the leather or in anything made
wolf in the leather or in anything made of leather the plague is an active
of leather the plague is an active
of leather the plague is an active leprosy it is unclean he shall therefore
leprosy it is unclean he shall therefore
leprosy it is unclean he shall therefore burn that garment in which is the plague
burn that garment in which is the plague
burn that garment in which is the plague where the warper wolf in wool or in
where the warper wolf in wool or in
where the warper wolf in wool or in linen or anything of leather for it is
linen or anything of leather for it is
linen or anything of leather for it is an active leprosy the garment shall be
an active leprosy the garment shall be
an active leprosy the garment shall be burned in the fire but if the priest
burned in the fire but if the priest
burned in the fire but if the priest examines it and indeed the plague has
examines it and indeed the plague has
examines it and indeed the plague has not spread in the garment either in the
not spread in the garment either in the
not spread in the garment either in the war or in the wolf or in anything made
war or in the wolf or in anything made
war or in the wolf or in anything made of leather then the priest shall command
of leather then the priest shall command
of leather then the priest shall command that they wash the thing in which is the
that they wash the thing in which is the
that they wash the thing in which is the plague and he shall isolated another
plague and he shall isolated another
plague and he shall isolated another seven days then the priest shall examine
seven days then the priest shall examine
seven days then the priest shall examine the plague after it has been washed and
the plague after it has been washed and
the plague after it has been washed and indeed if the plague has not changed its
indeed if the plague has not changed its
indeed if the plague has not changed its color though the plague has not spread
color though the plague has not spread
color though the plague has not spread it is unclean and you shall burn it in
it is unclean and you shall burn it in
it is unclean and you shall burn it in the fire it continues eating away
the fire it continues eating away
the fire it continues eating away whether the damage is outside or inside
whether the damage is outside or inside
whether the damage is outside or inside if the priest examines it and indeed the
if the priest examines it and indeed the
if the priest examines it and indeed the plague has faded after washing it then
plague has faded after washing it then
plague has faded after washing it then he shall tear it out of the garment
he shall tear it out of the garment
he shall tear it out of the garment whether out of the warp or out of a wolf
whether out of the warp or out of a wolf
whether out of the warp or out of a wolf or out of the leather but if it appears
or out of the leather but if it appears
or out of the leather but if it appears again in the garment either in the warp
again in the garment either in the warp
again in the garment either in the warp or in the wolf or in anything made of
or in the wolf or in anything made of
or in the wolf or in anything made of leather it is a spreading plague
leather it is a spreading plague
leather it is a spreading plague you shall burn with fire that in which
you shall burn with fire that in which
you shall burn with fire that in which is the plague and if you wash the
is the plague and if you wash the
is the plague and if you wash the garment by the warp or wolf or whatever
garment by the warp or wolf or whatever
garment by the warp or wolf or whatever is made of leather if the plague has
is made of leather if the plague has
is made of leather if the plague has disappeared from it then it shall be
disappeared from it then it shall be
disappeared from it then it shall be washed a second time and shall be clean
washed a second time and shall be clean
washed a second time and shall be clean this is the law of the leprous plague in
this is the law of the leprous plague in
this is the law of the leprous plague in a garment of wool or linen either in the
a garment of wool or linen either in the
a garment of wool or linen either in the walk off or in anything made of leather
walk off or in anything made of leather
walk off or in anything made of leather to pronounce Italy or to pronounce it
to pronounce Italy or to pronounce it
to pronounce Italy or to pronounce it unclean
unclean
unclean [Music]